CSS Extended Bundle for TextMate
================================

About
-----

This is a bundle for the [TextMate](http://macromates.com/) text editor. It gives you additional quick shortcuts for CSS and new CSS3 properties. Where possible, it will maximize cross-browser compatibility by combining `-prefixed` experimental properties with the standard property, so the browser will fall back on the experimental version if the standard version isn't supported. Example:

	-moz-border-radius-topright:3px;
	-webkit-border-top-right-radius:3px;
	-khtml-border-top-right-radius:3px;
	border-radius-top-right:3px;

Features
--------

- `border-radius` and `border-radius-`*side*
- `box-shadow`
- `display: inline-block`
- `text-overflow: ellipsis`
- `transition`
- `box-sizing`
- `min-height`
- `transform`
- More to come...

Installation
------------

- Install TextMate
- Download and double-click the css-extended.tmbundle
- Done!

License
-------

CSS Extended Bundle for TextMate
Copyright (C) 2009 Gordon Brander

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.